Ciphersuite (#176)
ietf-teep/teep-protocol: draft-ietf-teep-protocol.md

  I-D.ietf-suit-manifest: 
  I-D.moran-suit-trust-domains: 
  I-D.moran-suit-report: 
  COSE.Algorithm:
    title: "CBOR Object Signing and Encryption (COSE)"
    author:
      org: IANA

>     target: https://www.iana.org/assignments/cose/cose.xhtml

Reviewer: Shouldn't this point to https://www.iana.org/assignments/cose/cose.xhtml#algorithms specifically?
with title "COSE Algorithms" instead of "CBOR Object Signing and Encryption (COSE)"?

Author: Thanks for reviewing. I didn't know whether the fragment URI can be used to indicate the reference. Directly indicating the section of COSE algorithms registry is better.  I agree with your proposal.

supported-cipher-suites
: The supported-cipher-suites parameter lists the ciphersuite(s) supported by the TAM. If this parameter is not present, it is to be treated the same as if

>   it contained all SHOULD ciphersuites defined in this document. Details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it contained all ciphersuites defined in this document that are listed as "SHOULD". Details
```

# Ciphersuites {#ciphersuite}

> TEEP protocol uses COSE as protection mechanisms of TEEP messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TEEP protocol uses COSE for protection of TEEP messages.
```

> After QueryResponse, the selected cryptographic algorithm is used in the TEEP messages: Install, Success and Error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a QueryResponse is received, the selected cryptographic algorithm is used in subsequent TEEP messages (Install, Success, and Error).
```

> To negotiate the chosing cryptographic mechanisms and algorithms, TEEP protocol defines the ciphersuite structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To negotiate cryptographic mechanisms and algorithms, the TEEP protocol defines the following ciphersuite structure.
```

~~~~

> suite = [

Reviewer: Can we call this "ciphersuite" instead of just "suite"?

Author: Yes, we can call "ciphersuite".

    teep-cose-sign-alg / nil,
    teep-cose-encrypt-alg / nil ,
    teep-cose-mac-alg / nil 
]
~~~~

> suites is used to present the combination of mechanisms and cryptographic algorithms.

Reviewer: Did you mean "suite" is used?  or "supported-cipher-suites is used"?  Or "A set of suite values is used"?

Author: What I meant is the first one.  This sentence is description of `ciphersuite` structure. To correct this sentence, the verb is singular.

> Each keys correspond with COSE-type defined in the Section 2 of {{RFC8152}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each suite value corresponds with a COSE-type defined in Section 2 of {{RFC8152}}.
```

> If a TAM and TEEP agent indicate that it supports a certain mechanisms, it sets supporting algorithm's identifier as a value of mechanisms' key.
> Null in the value of mechanisms' key are treated as unable handling mechanism in the entity.

Reviewer: I think this text is redundant with other text, so propose removing.
```suggestion
```

~~~~
supported-cipher-suites = [ + suite ]
~~~~

> To show supported ciphersuites in QueryRequest or Error messages, make an array of ciphersuite structures. If an entity supports multiple mechanisms and algorithms, it can choose the specific combinations or all combinations by picking values in the array.
> 

Reviewer: I think this text is redundant with other text so propose removing.
```suggestion
```

> Each cryptographic algorithm value depends on COSE Algorithm registry defined by {{COSE.Algorithm}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cryptographic algorithm values are defined in the COSE Algorithms registry {{COSE.Algorithm}}.
```

> And TEEP protocol defines highly recommended algorithms lists to implement TAM and TEEP Agents as following list.
> TAM and TEEP Agents SHOULD implement these algorithms. TEEP Agents MAY support either-or algorithms in signature mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TAM MUST support both of the following ciphersuites.  A TEEP Agent MUST support at least
one of the two but can choose which one.  For example, a TEEP Agent might
choose a given ciphersuite if it has hardware support for it.
```

~~~~
teep-cose-sign-algs = cose-alg-es256 / cose-alg-eddsa

teep-cose-encrypt-algs = cose-alg-accm-16-64-128

teep-cose-mac-algs = cose-alg-hmac-256
~~~~

> TAM and TEEP Agents MAY use these algorithms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TAM or TEEP Agent MAY also support one or more of the following algorithms:
```

~~~~
teep-cose-sign-algs = 

>     cose-alg-ps256/
>     cose-alg-ps384/
>     cose-alg-ps512/
>     cose-alg-rsa-oaep-256/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cose-alg-ps256 /
    cose-alg-ps384 /
    cose-alg-ps512 /
    cose-alg-rsa-oaep-256 /
```

]

; ciphersuites
suite = [
    teep-cose-sign-alg / nil,
    teep-cose-encrypt-alg / nil,
    teep-cose-mac-alg / nil
]

teep-cose-sign-alg /= cose-alg-es256,
teep-cose-sign-alg /= cose-alg-eddsa
teep-cose-sign-alg /= cose-alg-ps256,
teep-cose-sign-alg /= cose-alg-ps384,
teep-cose-sign-alg /= cose-alg-ps512,
teep-cose-sign-alg /= cose-alg-rsa-oaep-256
teep-cose-sign-alg /= cose-alg-rsa-oaep-512

teep-cose-encrypt-alg /= cose-alg-accm-16-64-128

teep-cose-mac-alg /= cose-alg-hmac-256

> ; algorithm identifier defined by IANA COSE Algorithm Registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
; algorithm identifiers defined in the IANA COSE Algorithms Registry
```
